Oh my gosh. Ha..ha..ha
So all our recordings started off with us like complaining about the whistle.
Covina yeah
But I'm only there on Sunday Monday.
yeah
I'm like barely there like I'm at church in San Gabriel all day
And then Monday work all day so I'm at home.
Where do you live?
Arcadia okay
up a little bit north of it. The church is on Valley and San Gabriel.
Mission Valley? Yeah, Mission Valley. That's where I go.
yeah yeah (***) which is not right there yeah
Oh, Torrance. Torrance and then like Westside.
West side and then San Gabriel like
Sunday. Yeah, Chinese.
kind of like our like our go-to so like
after church is china bistro or
Because it's so close.
It's like homemade, it's like home food, yeah.
There or 101 Noodle?
101 noodle there's like two. There's one off Valley.
And like, new I think?
Around around there?
No It's not JJ Cafe. It's like...
No no JJ is now what? HK?
yeah so so so so It's really good. They have this like...
noodle that's it's kind of like they have the yeah and it's hand torn
And it's kind of sour they have like a sour like hand-torn soup that's really
That's really good
and what dim sum, of course.
China Bistro?
China Bistro is like right off of San Gabriel.
like it's between walnut and sangria.
It's nothing it's strictly nothing special.
There's like one on Sepulveda.
It's like right next to the medical center.
like Sepulveda is like the one right next to the house.
there's like a really old like house it looks like a house
(***) We've been there once.
And I feel like that's like where you guys always go.
maybe not then i don't know like when i'm in torrance i always opt for like japanese food or
Yeah. Yeah.
What's your recommendation for like San Gabriel?
Like what's like your go-to like when you're like
I don't know where to go, but we have to go somewhere.
Petron..
Top grill  but that's like all the way, that's the point of park.
yeah yeah it's like yeah it's so good like they're a bunch
(***)  is really good.
It's like a good 30-40 minutes. yeah
like norths yeah
No not (***) It's just like a
Like a strip mall kind of place.
It's so good. The meat was like decent.
It's cheap. It's cheap $20, $25 for dinner.
yeah
For like yeah for lunch
Yeah, it's like 2020.
Yeah, it's really cheap. yeah
Yeah, it's not bad. then but yeah
yeah Baekjeong is good but less expensive yeah
Yeah.
What's lanzao noodles?
Okay.
Why are they?
okay yeah yeah yeah uh huh uh huh
yeah
Where do you go for dim sum?
NBC, is it is it the...